Emily Vo, Milestone 1
---------------------------------------
Framework: Created a base class for the world and its assets. The base class for world is in src/worlds/world.js. It includes a lot of utility functions to create different worlds easily and makes it easy to add assets while keeping them on the same surface point even if the sphere spins. An asset is simply an animated object that can be spawned on the surface of a sphere. I implemented the base class for assets in src/worlds/assets/asset.js. Assets contain a list of items, which are essentially meshes that have local transformations relative to one another. I implemented functions that made it so that it was easy to rotate entire assets and their items in any way desired. In the world class, there is a function that takes advantage of these functions by lining up the assets with the normal at a certain point. I also made functions that made it easy to spawn assets randomly across the sphere. All classes keep track of time so when we animate the assets and want to have certain animations span different durations, we can easily do so within each class. I also added functions that would make the worlds easy to animate by spinning, and the function properly updates the position and rotation of the assets.

Example class: I created a simple extension of the framework I implemented that is a basic sphere with cubes. It is a simple demo that shows that cubes can easily be aligned with the surface normals, while having their own rotation. I did this by simply created a subclass of World in src/worlds/basicWorld.js, and a subclass of Asset in src/worlds/assets/cubes.js. 

Flower planet: I procedurally created the flower petals by deforming a mesh with toolbox functions. I then placed them so that they looked like petals of a peruvian lily. This class is a subclass of assets, in src/worlds/assets/flower.js. The planet simply has a texture and spawns these flowers randomly. This planet class is in src/worlds/flowerWorld.js.

See documentation/images for pictures of the different worlds. I consider these pictures of my development progress.